- [Frank] Microservices architectural styles
are definitely taking the world by storm,
and have been for some time.
As you venture into the world of microservices,
one thing becomes very clear.
The problems that you encounter in building,
converting, and operating microservices,
are not unique just to you.
As with all software engineering,
we as a collective create design patterns
so we can fix the problem once,
and reuse that pattern every time we encounter it.
Using these patterns save you time and energy,
and allows you to move to your business needs
that after all, most of us find to be
the most interesting part of our jobs anyway.
Hi, my name is Frank Moley.
I'm a cloud native developer and architect.
I have helped convert large scale enterprise systems
into modern distributed cloud native architectures
built with microservices.
I've also helped build large scale,
globally distributed systems from scratch
using microservices architecture patterns.
In this course, we will focus on common problems encountered
when building microservices as a whole
and common solutions to those problems.
The goal, ultimately is to arm you
with some basic knowledge with these patterns
so you can make them part of your tool belt.